You...
Have you been inside my house?
What?
Why are you asking me that?
Fuu...
Fuu, listen to me.
Sara senpai, I'm the one
asking the questions now.
Okay...
Are you really from a parallel world?
Just give me a straight answer. Yes or no.
No.
So everything...
Even the fact that we were together...
Was it all just a lie?
I'm so sorry...
Wait.
- Let me explain.
- No.
Just let me finish.
- When I woke up back then...
- I don't want to hear it!
Let go of me!
Didn't you say you loved me?
If you actually meant it,
then let me go right now.
I messed up.
"The Boy Next World My Destiny"
(Episode 10)
Man, what are we supposed to do now?
Whoa!
What's your problem?
Nothing...
I used to always hear you
coming before you got here.
Wait, what were you
saying about what to do?
Oh, right.
About Sara and Fuu.
I saw Fuu this morning.
He said he knows the truth now.
Fuu said that himself?
No way.
Fuu would never talk bad
about someone he likes.
Even if he was being tricked...
Even if it wasn't exactly "being tricked."
Do you know something?
Do you believe me?
About that mind-reading thing?
Well...
To be precise,
I can hear people's thoughts.
But I've kept it a secret.
Even Fuu doesn't know.
Why?
People would just think I'm crazy.
They'd either call me a liar
or some attention seeker.
And even if they did believe
me, they'd just be scared of me.
Then why are you telling me?
Because I like you.
I want to be fair with you.
Now that I've said it,
you have every right to walk away.
Walk away?
I mean, it's pretty creepy being
able to hear thoughts, right?
Why would I care about that?
Is it because I don't need
to hear them, so I can't?
You really wear your heart
on your sleeve, don't you?
When it comes to how you feel,
I don't want to just listen in. I
want you to tell me yourself.
How do you feel about me?
Do you like me even a little bit?
You first.
I already said it.
I didn't hear you.
Taiga senpai.
I like you.
I really, really like you.
Not knowing what someone is thinking...
It's actually pretty terrifying.
Even if you can hear me,
I'm not going anywhere.
Even if...
I'm the one you've fallen for.
Here.
They said it's going
to rain this afternoon.
(Thanks.)
Thanks.
I'm not going to hide anything anymore.
All of it...
It was all me.
Shut up.
You're always like this.
What about me? Why didn't you invite me?
- But the vibe was great.
- You call that great?
Hey, you're acting like it doesn't even
matter if I'm there or not!
Morning.
Good morning.
Go give this to him.
Huh? Me?
You're the one who caused this mess, right?
Well...
Hurry up.
Ugh...
Go on, give it to him.
Fuu.
Here.
(Eat something. We're worried about you.)
Everyone's worried.
But he's the one who's most worried of all.
You two should really talk.
There was no guardian angel.
It had nothing to do with lucky charms.
It was all Sara senpai...
Fuu.
I think you know I'm
not very good with words.
I don't even know if
you'll ever see this video.
I'll probably say the wrong thing.
I might even make you angrier.
I know I'm a hopeless liar...
But there's just one thing
I need you to believe.
I love you.
I have since high school.
It's always been you.
I'll never forget
how you saved my life.
Knock, knock, knock.
Who is it?
Before that,
my life was just a tool
for my mother's revenge.
I had no freedom.
People just saw what they wanted to see,
projecting their fantasies onto me,
or just being jealous.
That's the kind of talk that pisses me off.
Huh?
Maybe he's actually working hard, you know?
You don't know anything,
so stop talking trash.
But you...
you were the only
one who was different.
It was the first time
I'd ever felt that way.
That feeling of wanting to cherish someone.
I finally understood.
From then on, I just watched
over you from the shadows.
Oh, thanks.
Excuse me.
Fuu, do you already have a college in mind?
Yeah, I want to go to
the same one my dad did.
The university,
this apartment building...
I chose them all because of you.
My place is right below yours.
I just wanted to see your face
every single day.
It was the only thing that kept me going.
I'm sorry. I know I
sound like a total creep.
But I really...
I never expected anything more.
Until that rainy night when I almost died.
My only regret was
that I never got the
chance to actually know you.
Not even once.
Even so, it was because of you
that I wanted to keep living.
Fuu,
you are my whole life.
I really do love you.
You don't have to forgive me.
Everything...
It's all my fault.
Enough...
Stop it...
I promise you,
I will never
show my face to you again.
Sara senpai?
No...
If you can...
- Come back to me.
- Fuu.
Don't leave me behind.
Let me keep watching over you, okay?
Don't go...
I'm sorry, it's all my fault...
Adachi! Adachi!
Have you seen Sara senpai?
No, I haven't.
Fuu, what's wrong?
Sara senpai...
Oh, I just saw Taiga senpai.
Where?
He went that way.
Taiga senpai!
Where's Sara senpai?
Oh.
Sara...
He went back to his family home.
This pan-seared fish is delicious.
I love pan-seared fish too.
We really are a perfect match.
Yeah.
Are you feeling okay?
Just eat.
I'm not here for a family reunion.
Let's get down to business.
You'll start working at our
company after graduation.
And we'll have the
wedding wrapped up by April.
Everything has been arranged.
Thank you, ma'am.
Sara, where are you going?
I understand perfectly.
My life after graduation is
yours to do with as you please.
That's my boy.
Hey, what are you doing?
Stop! Get back here!
Fuu!
Sara senpai!
Fuu, what are you doing here?
You little brat!
Let's run away together, Sara senpai!
Fuu, not that way! This way!
Don't let them get away!
Oh, is it that way?
Fuu.
Um...
Sara senpai.
Are you planning on breaking up with Fuu?
Let me rephrase that.
Do you still intend to keep loving me?
Of course.
There's no other answer.
Game over.
Found them! Grab them!
Fuu, run!
- Stay still!
- Fuu!
Let go of him!
Sara senpai.
Tell your mother and your
fiancée the truth about us.
Fuu and I...
We're together.
We're in love.
Love?
That's a useless emotion.
You have no need for it.
That's why I never gave you any.
Even so,
do you even consider yourself a mother?
Exactly.
I'm the owner.
Sara is nothing more than an asset to me.
Haven't you used him long enough?
Soshi?
What are you doing here?
I'm surprised you even remember my name.
I'm the one who called him.
To finish the final step of this plan.
Everything is going exactly as intended.
I won't let a monster
like you get your way.
What on earth
are you two talking about?
Soshi and I pooled our resources
and bought up the company's shares.
So you two brothers
are playing at some revenge fantasy?
Don't make me laugh.
What could a couple of children
possibly achieve?
Hello?
Yes.
I see.
Understood.
Thank you.
Dad.
You've treated this company like
your personal property for too long.
The employees were fed up.
Dad's been keeping in touch
with them since he retired.
Thanks to him, we were able
to set everything in motion.
And just now, the board of directors...
Officially voted to remove
you as chairperson.
Removed...?
Me?
Your time is over.
No one is going to follow
your orders anymore.
Ganbara!
I understand.
I'm afraid
you are no longer my employer.
Let's go.
Even you...
This has to be a joke!
What about my glorious future?
The only future I care about
is the one with the person I love.
I don't need anything else.
Goodbye.
Mom.
You know,
I really thought I was just a replacement
for the Fuu in the parallel world.
That's why I kept telling myself
that I couldn't let
myself truly fall for you.
Now,
part of me is relieved it was all a lie,
but another part wonders if everything
I loved was a lie too.
It wasn't a lie.
I'm sorry I made it so
hard for you to believe me.
But I truly...
Is Fuu what makes you happy, Sara senpai?
Fuu makes me happy.
In that case,
you'll be happy forever.
Sara senpai.
You deserve to be happy.
Thank you.
Fuu.
Sara senpai.
Hurry up!
Are you okay?
What do you mean?
I should be asking you.
Don't you get tired of taking
care of me all the time?
I do it because I want to.
Though I guess I might
have overdone it sometimes.
Like knowing exactly what I want to eat,
or finding things I've lost?
You like bread and root
vegetables for breakfast.
You always stuff things
in your back pocket.
You always forget your
umbrella when it rains.
You love the special curry
bread from the cafeteria.
And those "lucky" boxers?
They actually just fell from your balcony.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
I thought I'd just been
on a lucky streak for years.
I had no idea it was all you.
I'm sorry.
I should have realized sooner.
It's my fault for being so insecure.
That's why I made
everything so complicated.
But back then,
the scar really did disappear.
I didn't just imagine it.
And you really did seem
like a different person.
I'm not from a parallel world.
But...
If I told you they really did exist,
would you believe me?
Can you read my mind?
No.
Then just ask me.
Okay.
What are you thinking right now?
I love you.
What?
I think I've really fallen for you.
Hmm?
I thought it was impossible,
but I'm getting more and more...
I guess I'm more
simple-minded than I thought.
Senpai.
Can I pursue you?
Yeah.
Be my boyfriend?
Do you love me?
Yeah.
I'm so happy.
It's like I can actually
hear what's in your heart.
Sara senpai.
Here.
You said it before, right?
That if you could turn back time,
you would have answered me.
Knock, knock, knock.
Who is it?
Fuu calling Sara senpai.
Can you hear me?
It's Sara, and I'm in love with you.
Really?
I wasted so many years.
From now on,
I won't waste another second.
I love you.
No matter what world we're in,
there's only one Fuu for me.
And no matter which
Sara senpai comes along,
you're the only one I'll ever love.
You trust me?
You have to trust me too.
Of course.
Come here, you big baby.
I love you.
I love you too.